AMC nuts right Kristin today we're
taking a look at nama KU this is a
sous-vide cooking device here that
clamps onto the side of your pot and
heats the water from the inside keeps it
to a very consistent temperature and
then you can drop in vacuum sealed bags
of food or eggs or whatever you want
really and cook it really precisely now
we first saw namukku come up on
Kickstarter back in 2012 and sit very
well raised a lot of money and kind of
brought sous vide into the spotlight a
lot of tech enthusiasts after that we
saw a whole host of competitors emerge
with sous-vide being this exciting new
cooking category and how does nama couch
stack up to those well the good news is
not McHugh does very well and all of our
tests it cooked fantastic food I really
can't stress that enough the eggs were
perfect and easy to get exactly as
poached as we liked the steak meat
cooked was edge to edge pink and very
very flavorful we all really enjoyed
that the Sam and I cooked was great I am
terrible cooking salmon normally but
with nama coot was really easy the thing
is those other sous-vide cookers did
well too so it's not unique and that it
offers sous-vide cooking that other
products can't offer also those other
products have kind of brought the price
down nah McHugh still costs three
hundred dollars while those often retail
for two hundred or even $99 like the
dork food dsv with all those competitors
i'm not sure that nama q is the best
value on the market although it's still
a very good cooker the good news is that
nama coos coming out with a new device
in March of 2015 called the new namukku
it's really just a remade nama cute it's
got Wi-Fi built into it and best of all
a lower price point at two hundred
dollars so we're looking forward to that
I think that might be the product you
want not the original I really like the
design the way that it clamps onto the
side of the pot with this kind of thick
rubber clamp here is very good it holds
pretty well it slides down a little bit
but then rests what's even better is
this design up here on top you just
touch the face to turn it on and then
spin the dial to set the temperature
that you want and it's really nice and
capacitive if I spin fast I can go up 10
or 15 degrees at a time if i spend slow
i can go by point one degree at a time a
lot of other cookers dork food innova
they can't they only set to a whole
degree if you want precision cooking
that's a nice nice feature it makes a
little bit of noise less than
desk fan didn't bother me at all but if
you want a silent household that might
be a point of consideration for you
thanks for watching make sure you check
out my full review and all the other
reviews we've done over at cnet com
foreseen that appliances I'm right Chris